Follow up on new versioning mechanism (#382)
oam-dev/spec: 3.workload.md

| Attribute | Type | Required | Default Value | Description |
|-----------|------|----------|---------------|-------------|

> | `apiVersion` | `string` | Y | | A string that identifies the version of the schema the object should have. This version of the specification covers `core.oam.dev/v1alpha2` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `apiVersion` | `string` | Y | | A string that identifies the version of the schema the object should have. The core types uses `core.oam.dev/v1alpha2` |
```
